Fix email templates path in docs (#22713)
directus/directus: docs/guides/extensions/email-template.md

## Add Template to Directus

> Place email templates in the ./templates directory, or set the new location in the EMAIL_TEMPLATES_PATH environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom email templates are stored in the configured `EMAIL_TEMPLATES_PATH` location, which defaults to the `./templates`
folder relative to your project.
```
